[DOC-10355] Document major version selection in Dedicated (#18759)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/releases/cloud.md

{% include marketo.html formId=1083 %}

> ## July 24, 2024

Author: ```suggestion
## July 31, 2024
```

> ## July 23, 2024
> 
> <h3 id="2024-07-23-general-updates"> General updates </h3>

Author: ```suggestion
## July 24, 2024

<h3 id="2024-07-24-general-updates"> General updates </h3>
```

> - When creating a new CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster, you can now [select the cluster's major version]({% link cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md %}#step-8-select-the-cockroachdb-version), which defaults to the latest stable version. At any given time, you may be able to choose from additional stable releases or experimental [Pre-Production Preview]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy.md %}#pre-production-preview-upgrades) releases. Patch releases within a major version, including subsequent patches after a Pre-Production Preview, are applied automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When creating a new CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster, you can now [select the cluster's major version]({% link cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md %}#step-8-select-the-cockroachdb-version). The default option is the latest stable version. At any given time, you may be able to choose from additional stable releases or experimental [Pre-Production Preview]({% link cockroachcloud/upgrade-policy.md %}#pre-production-preview-upgrades) releases. Patch releases within a major version are applied automatically.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to get into the further detail on PPP. Already documented and linked. Don't want to distract; it's not applicable to most customers.
